This is what we call "Fate". . .
It's something we can't stop . . .
Will I ever experience . . .
. . . a beautiful day like this again in my life?
On this exhausting path of life
You came to me like a beautiful gift
I will always wash and shine this love
So that it won't rust away
I promise you, when this moment passes by
And we see each other again on that day
I will throw everything away and stand beside you
So that we can walk the path that's left for us
Our meeting was short like a drunken affair
But you occupied my heart
Even if our love is unattainable, I won't regret it
Because nothing is forever
This is what we call "Fate". . .
It's something we can't stop . . .
I will always wash and shine this love
So that it won't rust away
On this exhausting path of life
You came to me like a beautiful gift
I will always wash and shine this love
So that it won't rust away
This is what we call "Destiny". . .
It's something we can't stop . . .
Will I ever experience . . .
. . . a beautiful day like this again in my life?
(There are many things I want to say)
There are many things I want to say you !
(But you already know them)
So when we meet each other along the way on that day . . .
Please don't let me go again . . .
The love we couldn't have in this life . . .
The fate we couldn't have in this life . . .
when we meet each other along the way on that day . . .
Please don't let me go again . . .
Please don't let me go . . .
Again . . .